= UrbanLexicophile

UrbanLexicophile allows you to retrieve definitions of terms from UrbanDictionary.com

== Installation

  gem install urbanlexicophile

== Note on Usage

UrbanDictionary.com does not provider a public API, please be mindful of this if you use this gem. It works by scraping each page for the definitions. It's probably better if you don't use this gem for anything but personal research, but if you do use it for otherwise please be considerate and cache results and give credit and a link to UrbanDictionary.com

== Usage

First, call this to get an array of all definitions:
  definitions = UrbanLexicophile.define("urban dictionary")

Then you can iterate through them in the usual manner:
  definitions.each do |definition|
    # display all information about each definition
    puts definition.title
    puts definition.definition
    puts definition.example
    puts definition.author
  end

As the definitions are returned as an array, you could just do this if you only one the most popular definition:
  most_popular = definition.first

If there are no definitions for the desired term, the return is just an empty array.

== Dependencies

* Nokogiri

== TODO

* Retrieve vote information about each definition and implement Definition.score()
* Retrieve the Urban Word of the Day
* Retrieve information about definition authors


== Contributing to UrbanLexicophile
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Dave Kerr. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

